README.md, before:

<div align="center">

# 👋 Hi, I'm Priscilla Naadu Lartey

### Data Scientist | Problem Solver | NLP Engineer  

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0A66C2?style=flat&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white&labelColor=0A66C2)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/larteypriscilla/)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/naadu51@gmail.com-EA4335?style=flat&logo=gmail&logoColor=white&labelColor=EA4335)](mailto:naadu51@gmail.com)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/Follow-181717?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=white&labelColor=181717)](https://github.com/PriscillaLartey)

![Typing SVG](https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Inter&weight=500&size=20&duration=3000&pause=1000&color=E2A243&center=true&vCenter=true&width=600&lines=Turning+Complex+Data+into+Clear+Insights;Communicating+Insights+Through+Data+Stories;Creating+Intelligent+NLP+Solutions+for+Real+Impact)

</div>

---

## 🚀 About Me

> **Data Scientist** passionate about uncovering insights and building intelligent machine learning models that solve real-world problems.

My expertise spans **machine learning**, **statistical analysis**, and **data visualization**, with a special focus on:

- 📊 **Data-Driven Decision Making** - Turning complex datasets into actionable insights
- 🔋 **Energy Analytics** - Optimizing building efficiency through predictive modeling
- 🛡️ **NLP & Social Good** - Detecting harmful content and protecting online communities  


Currently enhancing my skills in **deep learning**, **big data analytics**, and **cloud-based ML solutions** to create NLP/AI applications with measurable impact.

💡 *I believe the best solutions come from understanding both the data and the people it serves.*

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

<div align="center">

### **Languages & Libraries**
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-4479A1?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-150458?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white)
![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/NumPy-013243?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white)
![Scikit-Learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/Scikit--Learn-F7931E?style=for-the-badge&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white)
![SciPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/SciPy-8CAAE6?style=for-the-badge&logo=scipy&logoColor=white)

### **Data Visualization**
![Matplotlib](https://img.shields.io/badge/Matplotlib-11557c?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![Seaborn](https://img.shields.io/badge/Seaborn-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![Power BI](https://img.shields.io/badge/Power_BI-F2C811?style=for-the-badge&logo=powerbi&logoColor=black)

### **Databases & Tools**
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-4479A1?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![Apache Spark](https://img.shields.io/badge/Apache_Spark-E25A1C?style=for-the-badge&logo=apachespark&logoColor=white)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)

</div>

---

## 💼 Core Competencies

<div align="center">

| 🤖 Machine Learning | 📊 Data Analysis | 📈 Visualization | 🗄️ Big Data |
|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|
| Supervised Learning | Statistical Analysis | Power BI Dashboards | Apache Spark SQL |
| Model Optimization | Data Wrangling | Python Visualizations | MySQL Databases |
| Feature Engineering | EDA & Insights | Data Storytelling | Data Pipelines |
| Predictive Modeling | Hypothesis Testing | Interactive Reports | Query Optimization |

</div>

<div align="center">

**🎯 Skills Proficiency**

![Machine Learning](https://img.shields.io/badge/Machine_Learning-85%25-success?style=flat-square&logo=tensorflow&logoColor=white)
![Data Analysis](https://img.shields.io/badge/Data_Analysis-90%25-success?style=flat-square&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![Visualization](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visualization-80%25-success?style=flat-square&logo=plotly&logoColor=white)
![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-85%25-success?style=flat-square&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)

</div>

---

## 🔬 Featured Projects

<table>
<tr>
<td width="50%" valign="top">

### 🏠 Energy Efficiency Predictive Modeling
**Objective:** Predictive model for building heating and cooling loads for optimal HVAC design
**Tech Stack:** `Python` `Machine Learning` `Scikit-learn` `Pandas` `Regression`
**Key Achievements:**
- ✅ Engineered features from building design parameters
- ✅ Achieved high prediction accuracy for energy consumption
- ✅ Identified key factors influencing thermal performance

<a href="https://github.com/PriscillaLartey/Predictive-Modeling-for-Building-Energy-Efficiency" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/View_Project-0066cc?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white" alt="View Project">
</a>
</td>
<td width="50%" valign="top">
  
### 🛡️ Cyberbully Detection System
**Objective:** NLP model to identify and flag cyberbullying content on social media
**Tech Stack:** `Python` `NLP` `Scikit-learn` `Text Processing`
**Key Achievements:**
- ✅ Processed and cleaned large-scale tweet datasets
- ✅ Implemented text classification algorithms
- ✅ Built robust model for real-time detection

<a href="https://github.com/PriscillaLartey/Cyberbully-Detection-Using-NLP" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/View_Project-0066cc?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white" alt="View Project">
</a>
</td>
</tr>
</table>


## 🌱 Currently Learning

- 🤖 Large Language Models (LLMs)
- 🧠 Deep Learning & Neural Networks
- ☁️ Big Data Analytics

---

## 📫 Let's Connect!

<div align="center">

I'm always excited to collaborate on data science projects, discuss ML innovations, or explore opportunities to create impact with AI!

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Connect-0A66C2?style=flat&logo=linkedin)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/larteypriscilla/)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-Contact-EA4335?style=flat&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:naadu51@gmail.com)

**💡 "Data is the new oil, but insights are the refined fuel that drives innovation."**

</div>

---

<div align="center">

![Profile Views](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=PriscillaLartey&color=blueviolet&style=for-the-badge)

*⭐ From [Priscilla Naadu Lartey](https://github.com/PriscillaLartey) - Let's build the future with data!*

</div>

Commit message:

Revise skills description in README
Updated skills section to focus on NLP projects.

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

# 👋 Hi, I'm Priscilla Naadu Lartey

### Data Scientist | Problem Solver | NLP Engineer  

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0A66C2?style=flat&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white&labelColor=0A66C2)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/larteypriscilla/)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/naadu51@gmail.com-EA4335?style=flat&logo=gmail&logoColor=white&labelColor=EA4335)](mailto:naadu51@gmail.com)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/Follow-181717?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=white&labelColor=181717)](https://github.com/PriscillaLartey)

![Typing SVG](https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Inter&weight=500&size=20&duration=3000&pause=1000&color=E2A243&center=true&vCenter=true&width=600&lines=Turning+Complex+Data+into+Clear+Insights;Communicating+Insights+Through+Data+Stories;Creating+Intelligent+NLP+Solutions+for+Real+Impact)

</div>

---

## 🚀 About Me

> **Data Scientist** passionate about uncovering insights and building intelligent machine learning models that solve real-world problems.

My expertise spans **machine learning**, **statistical analysis**, and **data visualization**, with a special focus on:

- 📊 **Data-Driven Decision Making** - Turning complex datasets into actionable insights
- 🔋 **Energy Analytics** - Optimizing building efficiency through predictive modeling
- 🛡️ **NLP & Social Good** - Detecting harmful content and protecting online communities  


Currently enhancing my skills on **deep learning** and **big data analytics** and applying them to hands-on **NLP projects**.

💡 *I believe the best solutions come from understanding both the data and the people it serves.*

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

<div align="center">

### **Languages & Libraries**
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-4479A1?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-150458?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white)
![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/NumPy-013243?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white)
![Scikit-Learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/Scikit--Learn-F7931E?style=for-the-badge&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white)
![SciPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/SciPy-8CAAE6?style=for-the-badge&logo=scipy&logoColor=white)

### **Data Visualization**
![Matplotlib](https://img.shields.io/badge/Matplotlib-11557c?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![Seaborn](https://img.shields.io/badge/Seaborn-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![Power BI](https://img.shields.io/badge/Power_BI-F2C811?style=for-the-badge&logo=powerbi&logoColor=black)

### **Databases & Tools**
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-4479A1?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![Apache Spark](https://img.shields.io/badge/Apache_Spark-E25A1C?style=for-the-badge&logo=apachespark&logoColor=white)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)

</div>

---

## 💼 Core Competencies

<div align="center">

| 🤖 Machine Learning | 📊 Data Analysis | 📈 Visualization | 🗄️ Big Data |
|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|
| Supervised Learning | Statistical Analysis | Power BI Dashboards | Apache Spark SQL |
| Model Optimization | Data Wrangling | Python Visualizations | MySQL Databases |
| Feature Engineering | EDA & Insights | Data Storytelling | Data Pipelines |
| Predictive Modeling | Hypothesis Testing | Interactive Reports | Query Optimization |

</div>

<div align="center">

**🎯 Skills Proficiency**

![Machine Learning](https://img.shields.io/badge/Machine_Learning-85%25-success?style=flat-square&logo=tensorflow&logoColor=white)
![Data Analysis](https://img.shields.io/badge/Data_Analysis-90%25-success?style=flat-square&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![Visualization](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visualization-80%25-success?style=flat-square&logo=plotly&logoColor=white)
![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-85%25-success?style=flat-square&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)

</div>

---

## 🔬 Featured Projects

<table>
<tr>
<td width="50%" valign="top">

### 🏠 Energy Efficiency Predictive Modeling
**Objective:** Predictive model for building heating and cooling loads for optimal HVAC design
**Tech Stack:** `Python` `Machine Learning` `Scikit-learn` `Pandas` `Regression`
**Key Achievements:**
- ✅ Engineered features from building design parameters
- ✅ Achieved high prediction accuracy for energy consumption
- ✅ Identified key factors influencing thermal performance

<a href="https://github.com/PriscillaLartey/Predictive-Modeling-for-Building-Energy-Efficiency" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/View_Project-0066cc?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white" alt="View Project">
</a>
</td>
<td width="50%" valign="top">
  
### 🛡️ Cyberbully Detection System
**Objective:** NLP model to identify and flag cyberbullying content on social media
**Tech Stack:** `Python` `NLP` `Scikit-learn` `Text Processing`
**Key Achievements:**
- ✅ Processed and cleaned large-scale tweet datasets
- ✅ Implemented text classification algorithms
- ✅ Built robust model for real-time detection

<a href="https://github.com/PriscillaLartey/Cyberbully-Detection-Using-NLP" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/View_Project-0066cc?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white" alt="View Project">
</a>
</td>
</tr>
</table>


## 🌱 Currently Learning

- 🤖 Large Language Models (LLMs)
- 🧠 Deep Learning & Neural Networks
- ☁️ Big Data Analytics

---

## 📫 Let's Connect!

<div align="center">

I'm always excited to collaborate on data science projects, discuss ML innovations, or explore opportunities to create impact with AI!

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Connect-0A66C2?style=flat&logo=linkedin)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/larteypriscilla/)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-Contact-EA4335?style=flat&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:naadu51@gmail.com)

**💡 "Data is the new oil, but insights are the refined fuel that drives innovation."**

</div>

---

<div align="center">

![Profile Views](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=PriscillaLartey&color=blueviolet&style=for-the-badge)

*⭐ From [Priscilla Naadu Lartey](https://github.com/PriscillaLartey) - Let's build the future with data!*

</div>
